250,000 dollars?
Renting or buying a house
practically costs the same.
(Episode 19)
What are you concentrating on so much?
What else?
I'm trying to find a place for
So Won to live after he gets out.
Why are you already searching?
We only talked about it a while ago.
I keep getting mad and bitter
whenever I think about it.
She's just an old lady
who is crazy about hats.
She's rich, but she has no mercy.
What did So Won do so wrong?
Frankly speaking,
if a woman has a baby in secret,
how would a man know?
Stop it. It will only disgrace you.
How will it disgrace me?
If it was me,
I would've gladly accepted Han Gyul.
Honestly, her daughter can't have a baby.
Isn't this good news for her?
Having a baby and raising it isn't easy.
If they just accept Han Gyul,
she won't have to go through
the pain of birth...
and raising a baby.
Moreover,
women lose their figures
after having birth.
She won't have to worry
about stretch marks on her belly.
Are you serious?
Try to think it in your shoes.
What would you do if this
happened to Ru Ri?
What? Why would you use
my daughter as an example?
I'm really good at judging
people's character.
I won't let a punk like that marry her.
Then according to your logic,
So Won is that punk.
- Try to understand Mrs. Yang.
- Be quiet. Be quiet.
Do you know what your biggest problem is?
You pretend to be the most
conscious person...
and the most upright person.
If you were that great,
why would you be here cooking?
Why didn't you become a politician after passing hearings?
If I can be born again,
I'll never become your wife again. Keep that in mind.
Really?
I also won't marry you.
Why are you fighting so early in the morning?
So Won, you came at the right timing.
Let's go look at houses.
- Houses? - Yes.
You know how hard it is to rent a house in Seoul these days, right?
I found an appropriate house. Let's hurry.
I need to move my stuff from the hospital today.
Mom, can you go instead of me?
I don't want to.
I can't go anywhere because I need to take care of Han Gyul.
What's the point of going with him anyway?
He'll just decide by himself.
I have a lot of other people to go with even if you're not going.
That woman is always angry.
Why is her temper getting so bad?
Gosh.
Mother, what are you doing here?
I'm here to talk with you for the last time.
About what?
Isn't this you when you were young?
Who is this child?
It's my son.
His name is Ha Eun Jo.
Your son?
Did Yeon Ju have a brother?
I didn't give birth to him.
But they are blood-related.
Why are you suddenly telling me about this?
I'm trying to separate you from Yeon Ju.
I have no choice...
if you still want to move out...
after hearing my story.
But this is my last hidden card.
You can tell me.
What happened?
Han Gyul, you're really good at drawing.
Who are they?
Dad, me, and Yeon Ju.
No, I mean Mom.
Han Gyul.
Do you remember your real mom?
You don't?
Don't you remember her face?
Mom went to a far away place.
I lived with Aunt Su Ji,
but she also left.
Is that why you were alone for a long time?
I was scared.
I was also hungry.
Grandma, will Dad also go somewhere far away?
Will he leave me by myself?
What are you talking about?
He won't go anywhere.
You also have a step mom now.
You're going to have a good time from now on.
You also have Grandpa, Grandma, and Aunt Ru Ri.
Don't worry.
Really?
Do you mean I will also have...
a mom and dad like the other kids?
Of course. All you have to do is be happy from now on.
It happened...
over 40 years ago.
I have never told this to a single soul.
This is...
my dark past.
I'm sure you know where I'm from.
You always mention your hometown.
You said you picked cockles in Beolgyo.
I was the eldest daughter of a poor family.
My parents fell into the water from a boat and drowned.
So at the age of 15,
I became the head of my family with three siblings.
I couldn't feed them by just picking cockles.
So I had no other option than to go to a rich family...
and work as a nanny.
I thought he was a widower,
but there was a three-year-old boy.
That boy got attached to me like I was his sister.
I was so busy trying to take care of him...
that I didn't think the work was hard.
My gosh.
- Hey. - Catch me!
Come back here.
I continued to work there, and when I turned 18,
I became the widower's second wife because he promised...
he would support my siblings' studies.
So Ha Eun Jo...
was the boy?
Yes, he was the boy.
The boy I raised.
Then...
where is he now?
That...
I don't know.
Excuse me?
How come?
I,
Yang Chun Ok,
abandoned him.
Father, I made the right decision, right?
My choosing So Won over my mom broke her heart.
I know. I'm grateful for it.
However, do you know what the best way to make your mom happy is?
It's not getting a divorce and living a happy life.
So in a way, you're making...
your mom very happy.
That's why I'm going to live happily with So Won to show her that.
And to be honest, I'm really sorry about what I did to my mom,
but I'm also excited.
So Won and I have never lived by ourselves.
What do you mean by yourselves? You're forgetting Han Gyul.
Oh, right.
I forgot So Won had a daughter.
So Won's daughter? Do you hear yourself?
From now on, she's your child. She's your daughter.
Right, right. That's what I meant.
Don't you forget about her.
You're not just a lady now. You're a mother.
Do you know how heavy the responsibility of a mother is?
Since you made your decision,
you must do your best to be a good parent just like me.
Please stop.
Do you think raising someone else's child is easy?
I need time to get used to the idea.
Once she's on our family registry, she'll be my daughter.
I'll take care of this.
I was just saying it out of concern.
Anyway, brace yourself,
and the moment you step outside of the house, you must be reborn.
I got it, Father.
But what kind of a house is it?
Oh, the house?
It was hard to find this one.
Everyone lined up to rent this house,
but I know the realtor with whom I went to school.
So I got the listing.
I see. If I were to compare it to a designer handbag,
this house is like a limited edition of a handbag, right?
Nice. I can't wait to see it. Aren't you excited?
Whatever you're imagining,
it'll be beyond your imagination.
Sweet!
You abandoned him?
Yes.
I abandoned him.
Why? You said you and the boy got along well.
There must be a reason to what you did...
despite your good relationship with him.
I had a mother-in-law.
She was one nasty witch.
She changed into a completely different person...
after she got what she wanted.
She was a different person when she was trying to get me to marry him.
She used to make my life miserable.
Who told you to do that? You never listen to me!
Why is that?
- You live under my roof. - I'm sorry.
You punk.
- I could put up with her. - Are you really sorry?
- She scolded my youngest brother... - Listen to me!
- who came with me to that house. - You ungrateful rascal.
That drove me crazy.
Since my brother and her grandson were the same age,
they fought often.
And when they fought,
- she hit his calves and back. - Good boy. Look at you eating.
He had bruises all over his body.
There wasn't a single spot where it wasn't bruised.
How dare you hide?
The promise that he'd support my siblings' studies was a lie.
She starved and abused them.
My goodness.
- Let go of me. - Later, she sent my siblings...
- to another family as servants... - Let me go!
only because they argued with Eun Jo.
So...
is that why you abandoned him?
- Hurry. - No, I don't want to.
I told you to hurry.
- Hurry. Come on. Walk. - My legs hurt.
- My mother-in-law went... - Come!
- to a party for a few days. - Hurry.
I was getting ready to go out to see my siblings.
- Let's go! - He wanted to come with me.
So I took him with me, and we were at the train station,
he fell asleep.
Their love has conceived a child
Why did they have to face this hardship?
I tried to wake up him, but he wouldn't wake up.
I tried to put him on my back.
So I just...
I mean I didn't have time.
So I just left him at the station.
That's what happened when I went...
to see my siblings.
What happened?
Hey, kid. Kid.
Wake up.
Kid.
Mom! Mom!
Mom!
What am I going to do?
Why did you leave me?
- When he woke up, - No!
I wasn't there, so he threw a fit.
I don't know if he got on another train or not.
After that day,
I lost him forever.
Even until now,
I think about this a dozen times a day.
If he were my son, would I have left him at the train station?
Perhaps, I left him because he wasn't my own flesh and blood.
Do you understand now...
why I can't let Yeon Ju raise someone else's child?
How could Yeon Ju do...
something even I couldn't do?
I know my daughter very well.
Yeon Ju is not capable of bringing up someone else's child.
I'm serious.
After I lost him,
I lived my whole life in the purgatory.
Do you want me to pass down this life...
of misfortune to Yeon Ju?
So Won.
I'm begging you.
Please don't make Yeon Ju a sinner like me.
Please...
let her go now.
I'm begging you.
Please. I'm begging you.
My gosh.
Why isn't it coming out?
My gosh. Hey! At least give back my money.
Hey, give back my money! My money!
My goodness.
Hey.
What are you doing? Have you lost your mind?
He gave me a scare.
I can't believe this.
Why are you doing this to me?
I already told you. You're pretty.
I know that I'm not pretty.
When men say a woman is pretty to someone...
who only has good personality, they're being sarcastic.
You're making fun of me, aren't you?
No, I would never do that.
Look, how am I pretty?
My eyes, nose,
and lips aren't pretty.
Why can't you answer me?
You look like the person I love the most.
That's nonsense.
Do I look like Korea's sweetheart, Suzy?
Who is it?
Who do I look like?
This person.
Who is this person?
This is my Grandma. She raised me.
She looks exactly like me.
You're really pretty.
My features are quite rare.
Hurry up and get married...
to make a family for me.
To do that, I need to get rid of Ru Ri first.
Take a look and see if it came out correctly.
This is enough. You did a good job.
You know, right?
I'll get fired if my boss finds out.
The fact that I changed the poster must be kept as a secret.
Don't worry about me. You should be careful.
I won't tell anyone.
(Country of Origin: Pork from Chile, Vegetables, rice, cabbage,)
(chili Flakes from China)
(How to make the new sauce)
I will tell you how to make the sauce of our new menu.
The basis is 1kg of water, 100g of soy sauce,
1 pear, 1 apple, 1 ginger, 10 cloves of garlic,
- anchovies, and salt. - It's like she's rapping.
- And... - What is she saying?
Did you memorize everything?
Of course.
I can't make a mistake when it's our first day teaching the new menu.
It's my first class. I'm so nervous.
Being nervous while teaching means that you're not prepared enough.
You're perfectly prepared, so don't be nervous.
Manager Jung, can't you just do everything alone?
I can't rap.
Let's go. We need to leave right now to not be late.
Okay.
Manager Jung, we're in trouble. Look at this.
This is the poster of the new menu. Is there something wrong?
We put this up on every restaurant, and people are making complaints.
The marks-of-origin is wrong.
The pork is from Korea. Why does it say that it's from Chile?
The vegetables are marked that they're from China.
Most of them are from Korea.
Ru Ri, weren't you responsible for giving this to the print shop?
Yes.
I clearly remember giving them a correctly marked poster.
How did this happen?
Did the print shop make a mistake?
That can't be.
I checked with my own eyes there.
It's not the time for this.
It's already spread everywhere. We need to take care of this.
The class is about to start. What should we do?
Ru RI, you were responsible for the posters.
Go to the restaurants and apologize.
Collect the posters and reprint them.
Okay, Manager Jung. I'm sorry.
We'll go with you. We'll take care of the northern part of Seoul.
What are you doing? Follow me.
Okay.
Manager Jung, let's go. I'll help with the class.
Hurry.
What are you doing?
- It's already out everywhere. - I'm sorry.
I'll take them with me and reprint them.
This is how you make the sauce.
I'm okay.
You went through a lot of trouble today.
You must be tired from standing. Get some rest.
I'll clean up.
It's okay.
Don't you have to go?
You need to take care of the posters.
Oh, right. I forgot about that because of the class.
Then please clean up for me.
Excuse me for a moment.
Ru Ri.
What happened to the posters?
I finished collecting the posters, and I'm at the print shop now.
Stay there, and wait for me.
The class is over, so I'll go there.
It's okay.
You must be tired. I can do this by myself.
No.
I'm really tired today. I need to see you to recharge.
It's only going to take me around 40 minutes.
Wait a minute. I'll call later.
Manager Jung?
Are you okay?
Yes, I'm okay.
I scolded Ru Ri because she didn't mop the floor properly.
I guess this is my karma.
Don't worry.
Don't move. It looks like you seriously hurt your ankle.
What should I do?
Don't you have to get going?
Let's go to the hospital first.
(Orthopedist Specialist, Lee So Won)
I'm begging you.
Please don't make Yeon Ju a sinner like me.
Please let her go now.
Honey, hurry up and come home.
I'm looking around for our house with Father.
I love you.
We're here.
Is this the place?
Yes.
This is the sweet home...
for the three of you to live after moving out from your old house.
Sweet home?
Why are you so surprised?
Father, this really can't be...
the house where I will live, right?
Don't worry.
Even if it looks like this on the outside, it's quite nice inside.
Let's go in.
The realtor is already there waiting for us.
Wait a minute.
Father, is this the best you can do?
This is my first time living outside Gangnam.
Let's just go in.
People and houses all depend on how you decorate them.
Okay? Let's go in.
I'm in trouble.
Look. Even if the condition is like this,
it will look like new if you hang new wallpaper.
I see.
I know because I used to work for a construction company.
The structure is quite nice.
How big is this place?
It's 80m²,
but doesn't it look like 95m² because of the structure?
Are there three rooms?
Of course. Consider yourself lucky.
It's hard to find a place like this at this price.
You should use the biggest room.
Han Gyul should use the small room.
Use the other room as a dressing room.
What's wrong?
There's a cockroach over there.
Why are you making such a fuss? Every house has cockroaches.
It's nothing.
Hey, Yeon Ju.
Yeon Ju.
Wait a minute.
Let's talk for a moment.
Father, don't you think that you're being unfair with me?
- What are you talking about? - You already know.
It's so hard for me right now.
I gave up everything I have for So Won.
Even my mom, who is the most precious person in the world to me.
Also,
the moment I move out, I become the mother...
of a six-year-old child, whom I didn't even give birth to.
Yes, I know.
That's why I'm thankful.
But weren't you expecting this when you decided to move out?
Even so, you should try your best to help me out.
To be honest, I don't think I'll be able to...
live in a house that is smaller than my dressing room.
When So Won goes to work, I have to stay here...
in this small house with his daughter all-day-long.
His daughter?
Gosh, every time you mention her, you say she's his daughter.
Are you sure you can become a mother to her?
Father.
And I think you have a huge misunderstanding.
As soon as you leave your mother's side,
you're not the daughter of a rich family anymore.
You're just a wife of a salaryman.
Please don't forget that this is the reality.
You should live to fit your level.
With doctor's credit, we can take out a loan of 300,000 dollars.
That's enough to buy a decent house, and start a decent life.
Why would I choose a hard way?
Are you making fun of me because I'm poor now?
Gosh.
Hey, do you think I've got so much time...
that I'd make fun of my daughter-in-law?
You do have much free time. You are retired and unemployed.
Hey! Daughter-in-law!
What, Father?
You...
Answer me honestly.
Do you know how much bus fees cost?
Why would I take the bus?
I have my car.
All right. Then do you know how to cook rice?
How about laundry or recycling?
Why would I do that?
We have a maid.
Are you going to bring her when you move out?
I can get a new one.
I'll do the housekeeping.
You make sure to get me a big house.
All right. Will you be satisfied with a house twice as big as this?
Of course.
Can you afford a house like that?
You're going to live in my house.
What?
Are you asking me to live with my in-laws?
I've been thinking,
and I don't think you'll survive after you move out.
You're full of pride and vanity.
You'll be complaining every day just as you did today,
saying you can't live like this.
This is for your own good.
You should learn housekeeping from your mother-in-law.
Gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, my. I can't believe this.
Just believe it.
This is my final word.
Pack your bags, and move in to and move into my house tomorrow.
And...
I'm ordering you...
never to talk back to me from now on.
It makes me feel bad.
Do you understand?
Father!
This doesn't make sense.
Why don't you have any money?
What a poor way of living!
This must be a nightmare.
Gosh, this doesn't make sense. How can this happen?
This can't be happening. I can't live this low life.
I know my daughter very well.
Yeon Ju is not capable of bringing up someone else's child.
I can't live this low life.
I can't believe this.
How can I live here?
Gosh, this can't be true!
How would I live here? Oh, my gosh.
This is nice.
Do you like it that much?
I think I'm addicted.
After listening to classes all day,
my body aches so much. I need to loosen up.
Excuse me, sir.
I'm sorry, but other customers wish to try this.
You should give others a chance too.
Wait.
Do you think that your eyebrows suit you?
Yes, of course. I copied Song Hye Kyo's eyebrows.
Wait a moment.
- Sit here. - What are you doing?
- Sit over here. - I'm busy.
Just trust him.
Trust who?
Look.
A person with a round face should draw an arch on your eyebrows.
Oh, my. It's so pretty. Gosh.
Wearing makeup is not about copying other people.
It's about finding yourself, okay?
Yes, I get it. Thank you so much.
You can enjoy more. Please visit often.
Take care of your hands. These are golden hands.
Soon, you'll be earning a lot.
Gosh, you're still young. Why do you care so much about money?
Don't you know?
Mom and Dad are fighting again.
What if they break up?
So what do you suggest we do?
Let's earn money and give them a surprise wedding,
so that they won't ever break up.
For my whole life, I lived alone without a family.
If I have a child of my own, please help me meet my child.
I won't do anything bad to him.
How on earth...
did he find that place?
Articles about the workshop were on newspapers and magazines.
That's probably how he knew.
But if he heard the conversation, he'd have found out...
that you have his son.
What will you do?
What do you think I should do?
I'm just going to pretend not to know.
Let's just tell Tae Yang everything.
You can't hide from him the fact...
that his father is alive forever.
You should tell the truth to him and leave him to...
Are you out of your mind?
You don't know what he's like.
He looks normal now, but when he gets drunk,
he becomes a completely different person.
And I don't want Tae Yang to know about my past.
You had a reason then.
He'll understand.
I want to be a mom...
who can be loved, not just understood.
And I've erased all my past.
You should forget about it too.
Have you seen all the documents that I sent to you?
Yes, of course.
Where is Anna Kang?
She's living in Seoul with the name of Jung Hwa Young.
She caused the incident, fled to Korea secretly,
and lived as an unregistered person.
Then she got married to get a new identity.
This means she committed a serious crime...
in both the US and Korea.
Of course.
She committed a murder attempt in the US...
and crime of the false entries in an authentic deed...
and forgery in Korea.
If she's found guilty, she could be deported from Korea.
The problem is...
that she attempted murder 30 years ago.
Can she still be punished?
Korea has signed a criminal extradition agreement with the US.
If we can bring her to a trial,
we can get her sentenced to life imprisonment for her crime.
Really?
That means her life depends on me.
I feel pity for him.
He doesn't even know...
his son's alive.
Did you check Sarah Kang's schedule?
Yes, sir.
She's got a tight schedule, so we only have today.
I must make her talk today.
Jung Hwa Young denies this,
but I'm sure she has my son.
Sir. She's over there.
I really enjoyed today's lesson.
Thank you.
Really? You've done so well so far.
You should go.
All right. Bye.
I need to talk to you.
I told you there's nothing I can say to you.
Please, leave my sister alone.
Then should I go to Anna's house myself?
I know where she lives.
I'm curious how she'd react...
when I show this to Jung Hwa Young.
It went easier than we thought.
Go Jung Do will leave her...
when he finds out.
That'd be nice, but if he doesn't,
I'll make him leave her.
Where are you taking me?
I told you. You'll find out.
I don't know what your plan is, but it won't work.
I won't give you the answer you are looking for.
Let's talk later.
Hello, Chairman Kevin.
Hello. Keep up the good work.
(SC Food and Beverage)
SC Food and Beverage?
Hello.
- Are you going out? - Yes.
I'll see you later.
Give me the document on Anna Kang.
Here it is.
That must be Jung Hwa Young's sister.
Why is she with Chairman Kevin?
I don't know.
I think they're heading to the chairman office.
- You can leave early today. - Yes, sir.
Did you call me to show off how successful you are?
I wanted to show you...
that I have changed.
Really?
But unfortunately,
money doesn't change the human nature.
Do you know why I tried to become successful?
I wanted to be seen decent when I see her again.
I also wanted to be nice to my son...
who may be somewhere in this world.
Too bad.
You don't have a son to be nice to.
Stop it, please.
How many times do I have to tell you?
I've changed. I'm not old the Jay anymore.
Look at me.
Do I still look like a drunkard to you?
After I broke up with her, I even changed my name.
You have no idea when I went through...
to succeed in LA.
That was my only goal.
The only thought I had was to meet Anna again.
I wanted to meet the woman who might be raising my child.
I'm begging you.
Please accept that I've changed.
You're still being so unreasonable.
You haven't changed at all.
You're my sister-in-law. You said it with your own mouth...
that my son's somewhere in this world.
Is it true? It is, isn't it?
What's he talking about? A son?
He called Sarah his sister-in-law.
What? No way.
My sister made it clear.
She never had nor gave birth to your child.
She denied it.
Your son doesn't exist in this world.
What?
Then is Kevin that Jay?
He's Jung Hwa Young's ex-husband?
That means Jung Tae Yang is...
Kevin's son.
No way.
No. No way. I can't believe it.
I want to find my son...
for only one reason.
I want to ask for forgiveness from Anna and my child.
I won't disappoint or harm you.
Please help me.
It's too late for that now.
Think about what you did to my sister in Seattle.
You not only reported her for attempted murder,
but also made her go through judgment by default.
If you feel guilty for my sister even by little,
let her be happy with her current husband.
That's the only way your sin can be forgiven.
With doctor's credit, we can take out a loan of 300,000 dollars.
That's enough to buy a decent house, and start a decent life.
Why would I choose a hard way?
That old witch.
She only knows about money, and she never educated her daughter.
How dare she keep talking back to her father-in-law?
Honey! Honey!
Honey!
What is it? Is someone's house on fire or something?
Someone's house?
Why would I care?
Stop being ridiculous, and empty your room tomorrow.
We have to hang new wallpaper.
What's this about?
What else?
I told So Won's family to move in.
My goodness.
I already feel so bad to make Yeon Ju take care of a child.
Are you going to make her suffer from living with her in-laws?
I didn't say anything about making her suffer.
It's because she doesn't know how to do chores.
I've been thinking that So Won and Han Gyul...
will starve if we leave it up to her.
I can't stand So Won suffering.
You can cook, do the laundry,
and watch the child for Yeon Ju.
So what you're saying is you're going to give them my room,
and make me live as a slave for an extended family at this age?
What?
How is that living as a slave?
That's a beautiful sacrifice for your family.
Duty as a housewife.
The maternal love that only women have.
What?
Don't you remember?
You said I'm not even a woman because I'm old.
So don't expect anything like that from me.
Also, don't get involved in their relationship.
They just got back together. They don't like it when you get involved.
Please leave them alone.
Just stay quiet in the corner.
That's the only way to help So Won.
What? What did you say?
In the corner?
My gosh.
They say women get male hormones when they get old.
How did she become so negative?
Negative?
I'm copying Mrs. Yang's tacky English.
I can't accept it. Negative?
I take that back.
This is not right. No.
He's helpless.
I'm going to do whatever it takes to end it.
I must end it.
You look so different today.
You hated it every time I asked you to drink champagne with me.
I want to do...
everything you want today.
Why?
Do you pity me because I'm moving out of the big house?
Will you get credit loan to buy a big house like I said?
I'm going to take a selfie as evidence. Here.
Promise me.
I was pretty upset because of Father today,
but I'm really happy now.
I wish I can just freeze this moment.
Right, honey?
What's wrong with you? You're not smiling at all.
Do you have something to say?
What is it? Tell me.
Give me your hand.
My hand?
What is this?
It's your wedding ring.
Why would you...
Honey.
Let's...
get a divorce.
I tried to work it out, but I can't.
I think this is the end of our relationship like you said.
Why? What's wrong?
I said I'll do better.
I even left my mom. But why?
Is it because I said I don't want that tiny house?
Would we stay together if I move into that house?
Then let's do that.
I can go everywhere with you, so...
Don't be so clingy.
That's not the reason.
Then what is it?
Tell me.
I need to know why you're breaking up with me.
Why are you trying to divorce me?
There are many reasons,
but there is only one reason why couples get divorced.
I don't love you enough...
to live with you.
You are not capable of living with me forever,
both as a wife and a mother.
Rather than living with you despite the fact...
that I know this already and grow to hate you,
I think it's better to leave you when I can...
at least say this to you kindly.
Maybe one day, you'll thank me for what I did today.
I'm sorry for everything.
I'm sorry I chose you for what you have instead of love,
for not having loved you when we were together,
and for causing problems with my child.
That's enough. Get lost.
What you're saying is worse.
Stop it.
I'll take you home.
I told you to get lost.
Get lost now!
All right.
See you next week in court.
Lee So Won, you scum!
I'll hate you forever.
I'll hate you, resent you,
and pray that you'll be ruined...
as much as I've loved you.
I'll pray that you'll die lonely...
with only your child by your side.
Scumbag.
It's me.
It's over.
Really?
Well done.
Yeon Ju...
will suffer for a while.
Please take care of her.
All right. Thank you.
Where's is she now?
I'll send you the address.
Goodbye.
Take care.
Gosh, he did love Yeon Ju after all.
He didn't take Yeon Ju...
to that fiery fit.
He did love her after all.
Yes, Lawyer Park, it's me.
Yes, it's finished as I expected. All is well.
You need to clean it up now. All right.
Please check if everything is all right.
(Christmas Special Love Set)
(Mark-of-origin)
All right. This is fine.
Isn't it a little strange?
I checked everything. Why did I get the wrong one?
I... I don't know.
I did what you told me to do.
Don't blame me.
I wasn't blaming you. I just find it a little strange.
You must have checked it wrong.
Are you trying to make someone else take the blame?
Are you saying that I was bribed...
to switch the poster or something?
- Sir. - I don't need to hear it. Leave.
Gosh.
I even stayed late for you. Why would you say that?
I was just asking. Why would he get so angry?
I'll be there soon. Wait for me.
He said he'll be here soon. This is strange.
Maybe something happened to him.
It's been over an hour and a half. Where are you?
I'm just worried. Please call me.
Have a seat.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to hurt my tendons and cause trouble for you.
Don't you have any family members to take care of you?
No.
After my mother died, I've been living alone.
I'm sorry.
It'll be difficult for you to move for a while.
Can you cook a meal for me?
I'm hungry.
I'll do that since Chairman Kevin asked me to take care of you.
Do you have any ingredients?
Fortunately, I'll be able to make curry for you.
What are you doing?
It's nothing.
Give it to me.
What is this?
Why did you take so many pictures of me?
Joo Ae Ri, what is this?
Can you please leave?
All right. I like you.
I've been in a lot of relationships,
but I've never had feelings like this before. It makes me angry.
- Joo Ae Ri... - I know.
I know what you think of me.
You think of me as a mean girl...
who overuses her father's power.
But I don't care.
However you think of me,
this is what I feel about you.
I will love you by myself, and I will finish this by myself.
Don't mind me.
Listen to me.
I told you already. I don't want anything from you.
Just pretend like you don't know about my feelings.
I forgot about Ru Ri.
It must be Manager Jung.
Hello?
Where are you, Ru Ri?
I'm working overnight at the company.
We're going to sell a new menu tomorrow.
I need to finish the posters by today.
That's not what you should be doing right now.
You're in a big trouble.
What? What is it?
I don't want to explain everything.
Just take a look at Joo Ae Ri's SNS.
Gosh, I'm busy.
Okay.
I'm excited...
to have someone who would cook for me.
Is he cheating on you with Joo Ae Ri?
I can't believe it.
Ru Ri.
This is a relief.
I was worried you left already.
I'm sorry. I couldn't keep the promise.
Ru Ri.
Are you upset?
I had to take care of something. That's why I couldn't call you.
What was it?
There was an accident in the restaurant, so I went to a hospital.
It wasn't a big accident.
I got an order to look after some employee...
Who is that employee?
Who is it?
Is she that important...
to forget about the promise you made with me?
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry that I'm late.
So let's stop talking about it.
Let's go. I'll give you a ride home.
Why can't you say it?
Is it so hard to tell me who it is?
Lee Ru Ri.
Is it because it's her?
(I'm excited to have someone who would cook for me.)
Let's stop it here before it gets ugly.
Let me explain.
Joo Ae Ri got hurt in the kitchen after the training.
She couldn't walk because she hurt her ankle,
so I only gave her ride home.
- This picture... - Did you cook dinner for her...
because you were worried she'd starve?
It was so precious that you didn't give me a call.
Did you forget I was waiting for you?
Don't say it like that.
I couldn't call you because I lost track.
I regretted because it wouldn't have happened...
if I did the clean up.
I understand how you must be feeling,
but can we stop talking about it?
Just blame me for being late.
Why do we have to fight because of Joo Ae Ri...
who has nothing to do with us?
Did you say she has nothing to do with us?
She likes you.
It says right here.
She's excited because you're cooking for her.
What upsets me is that...
when you were with Joo Ae Ri,
I was worried...
that you might have gotten into an accident.
For two hours.
Whatever.
It's up to you to follow your heart.
If you like Joo Ae Ri, do what your heart tells you.
Are you serious...
I don't care even if you say it's out of inferiority.
I can't go through...
what Myung Tae did to me...
ever again.
I'd rather end it here now.
Have you forgotten what you said with your own mouth?
You said you'll trust me no matter what.
You said you won't be nervous or disturbed.
But what did you just say?
You want to end it for this?
What are you doing?
I'm sorry for everything I did today.
Please don't get upset over it.
I'll tell everyone to stop you from being nervous...
that we're in a relationship.
There's no need.
If we need other people to know to continue our relationship,
it means it's already falling apart.
I'm hungry, Grandma.
Okay.
Is he okay?
So Won said he'll be home soon, but he's not.
Right. I'll call him.
How dare you?
You should eat first.
You must be starving.
No. She needs to learn to wait.
Hey, Han Gyul.
You always looked for your dad,
but can't you stay decent in front of food?
What does decent mean?
Oh, right. Decent means...
It's...
It's something you have to keep...
- I'm home. - Hi.
Dad.
Did you have fun today?
Why are you alone?
You should've brought Yeon Ju with you.
Yeon Ju will not come here anymore.
What? What do you mean?
Why not?
My goodness. Why would you ask?
Yeon Ju probably doesn't want to live with us.
Am I right?
So Won. You have to remember this.
You'll get exhausted...
if you let your wife control you.
Based on my experience,
women must look narrow and be stupid,
so that men can lead them...
with a deep insight...
I'm...
getting a divorce.
What?
What did you just say?
Say that again.
Yeon Ju and I agreed...
to get a divorce.
- What... - What?
What? Who said you could do that?
Who said so?
(Man Who Sets the Table)
- So Won. You jerk! - I'm over with Yeon Ju.
I didn't want to see her break like that.
You must look great when you get divorced,
so that he'll regret.
Look as decent as you can.
I'm becoming a regular employee today.
Are you sure someone's not behind this?
I did that because I want Jung Tae Yang.
You're not worth for a man like him.
Should I give up on Manager Jung?
Kevin's the chairman of that company.
He can provide bright future for Tae Yang.
You can't fight against Chairman Kevin.
I was worried she might abandon you.